# Spring Roo - a rapid Java applications development tool | Java Techie

* Hi guys. In this tutorial, we are going to see what is spring room and why we need it. So basically, spring rue is a tool based development. It's just alternative of J hipster the spring room introduced by Spring Firmware. Spring roofs next generation rapid application development tool for Java developer using room. You can easily build full Java application in a minute. So normally, whenever we are going to develop any web application, like the crowd operation, we are thinking about Controller service dav all the implementation. We manually need to write. So if we are going to use this spring rule, you just need to type in command, which implementation you want to use, like, suppose assume for persistence logic. You want to use hibernate or jpa that you just need to mention in a command. Similarly, which authentication you want to apply to or jwt or role based security using database, just you need to specify in command prompt so that it will generate the skeleton for us. Ok, so this is the official site. You can check your spring roo is lightweight developer tool that make it fast and easy to deliver instant result based of all you code 100 percent in Java, get to use all your existing Java knowledge skill and experience. So basically, the moral of this spring rule, you don't need to bother about the coding section, only we need to focus what are the implementation you want to use that. just we need to specify in command so that it will Generated the project for us. Later, based on our business, you can customize your application. Ok so to work with spring rue first, we need to download this spring room. So for that You just need to go this official sound site and download from here. So I will share the download link So once you'll download it You will get this structure. Ok. And inside bin, there is a batch file that is the root of that, so that you need to run. And you need to set this row home in your environment variable. Ok, I will share the step. I have to do the environment setup. I will say this pdf. So let's start development. Let's quickly do on web application. Cloud operation using this spring room. Ok. So first we need to run this batch file. So for the type command.

* So let's create a folder first. Inside this poc folder, I want to develop one web application, edging screen. So tie it here. Create a folder. Spring row example Ok, use this folder Ok, now off the rue here. OK now we get the terminal of spring room. So here we need to type the command to generate our web application. So already we created a folder. So our first step to create the package. So to create a package, we need to type the command project. Project setup. Top level package then mentioned near package. I'm mentioning like com Java techy ok. You can see it generated form.xml and all the project structure. Let us go to that puc, and we will check. SRC and promise there Okay, only the Main class is generated. Now let's add the Persistence implementation. So here I want to use jpa with hibernate. So that I need to specify in command prompt. Ok, gps set of Rider. Want to use hibernate and specify the database. I am going to use here in memory database. You can pca It already added the persistence implementation for our web application. Now lets create the entity. Lets create the model class And we are going to use the entity gpa specification. Specify the class name, which you want to use. Two men I want to Closen lakes huge outlets create the user something wrong. Or maybe you can't use user. Let's change the name to employee. It generated the entity class for us. Let me show you that Domain executed the entity with no field, cause you didn't specify any field Only it's added the id. That is the default one. S. Let's specify a few field So to mention the field, you need to type field. Then field name The data type of free and giving Stream something like I'm going to create the very name. Do you want to not know specifically? ok, similarly, create. Name then age. Email. Okay, let's create these four film id named as and email Now specify the repository so that it will create the dowel layer for us. Type depositor is jpa. On. Repository JP all means here I created only one domain, 1 model employee. Suppose I have more than 5 employee means 5 model for all the model I want to generate the separate repository. That is why I specify here all Ok So we created the model and we created the repository. Now we want to create the service layer for our other application. So simply just type service for all. So it created the employee service interface and implementation class of this employee service. Ok, so now we are, we are done with our repository and service. Now we need to write our controller. So let us specify in command web mvc. We are going to use webmdc pattern. Ok, so you can check where one BC configuration Lets you configuration created by the spring rule. Now let us specify the view page. Mvc model view controller. So we created the model. We created the control of let us create the view view here. I want to use the thyme leaves. So just specify the web mvc view set of. Which type of view you want to use? I want to use thyme leaf, ok? So you can check it created bunch of html and javascript along with css Now let's specify the controller. For MB, C view not even it is a common UMB, C controlled MB, C Controller. For all I want to generate the controller and with response type thyme leaf. Ok So it created our controller. You can check employee Implies collection time lift controller In fact, the controller created by spring row ok So he created controller service and now lets make it rest to convert this rest api. We can use web mbc controller. All I want to save the what is that? Root url? That is the python fix. Slash. Ok, you can take it created employee collection jsm controller. So here we just specifying the dzz Implementation its just generating corresponding class for that. Ok so normally we just design the mpc pattern Model B-1 controller. Here we did not implement any cache or security. So now let us check it, whether it is generated for us or not Lets Ron Mavin Theme Run. You can check all the url map yours. and our application is put 8080. Now lets go to the browser and we will check whether it is generated the web application for us or not People can host exhibit zero. You can see here Our application needs up and running And as we created one entity, that is the employee. We are getting the create and Ok, so click on create. You specify name, Hml I teach one field that is auto generated, so I didn't add in this ui. So give some name. You said this. Okay, now add one more object. You can see one object is added. Let's add one more Something like Santosh age 28 timber Santos at the rate Gmail com We added two object You can check here in this. ui already the pagination implemented by spring rule and csb xls ptf. You can generate in any format And here you can update a record Okay. So lets update a record All we can delete a record. Delete item one ok. so now only one object is available, and that you can generate the pdf. Let's generate the pdf. You can check here. Only one record we have, and it generated PDF for us. So our basic proposals The crowd of prison that is the And update delete retry ok. So here is the delete and update and. this is the create and get the list of employees. This is the basic I covered if you want. You can apply the authentication and case if you want. You can generate the web flow and you can convert it to soap web service. So let me show you those commands Let me open that terminal again Let's check what are Commands supported by the spring Just type hell. You can notice your doubles endpoint that is the web service endpoint for soap. You need to specify endpoint Service then we need to specify the service name Then it will generate converted to soap web service and even it is providing for doubles. Client similarly to handle the exception. You can write web mvc exception handler. Then your exception class name so that it will internally generate the controller advice to handle the exception. Bunch of command is available so you can. check this site. Just type if you can observe your security authorized. And suppose you have a tile there. You specify the script of information, then that also you can run using script. OK, these are the pictures available in spring room So guys in this video just covered the Desi crowd operation using Spring MBC with application. So if anyone interested, then let me know. I'll prepare more video on this spring row concept using soap web services and exception handling and few more features, ok? So that's it about this particular video. If anyone. if anyone have any doubt or concern, you can add a comment. I does not subscribe date. Please go ahead and subscribe it. And thanks for watching this video.
