# MongoDB Model One-to-One, One-to-Many Relationships Embedded Documents

* We're going to see how to perform association mapping in Mongodb using embedded documents, ok? so with Mongodb, we can structure related data by embedded documents. In general, embedding gives a better performance for read operation only for search criteria. So what we mean by embedded document style So let me show you an architectural diagram so that we'll get some brief idea hard to embed at the entity So assume. Position is something like Flipkart purchase order service, where a user can buy multiple products and a user can help only one address. OK, so here user and product having one too many association and here user and address have 1 to 1 association. So normal traditional mapping. We are doing user as a separate entity product as a separate and address as a separate entity. So in three entity we need. to we need to annotate based on the business like in this we need to annotate other rate 1 to many we need to pass the target entity and we need to specify the join column. Similarly for one to 1 also we are writing order at 1 to 1 and we are specifying the primary join key. So and each table suppose in case of user and product in product table there will be one foreign key which will which should be the primary key of this user. Similarly in address also it mapped so while search while performing search operation we need to write like. bunch of joint statement so to ignore it the Mongodb provided this embedded documents features. So let us do a quick example on it, then we will get to know how we can embed at the documents. Documents is nothing like its the model. So let us do a small example on it.
