# Spring Boot Batch (Generate XML MongoDB Database) and Bulk Email Notification

* We're going to see 40 spring baths. And how will automated the bias job using this lightweight framework? Springbird. So normally, the main purpose of spring batch. To process the bulk data without interaction of individual ok. so process the bulb data in the sense. Normally in our enterprise application, there is multiple use cases where we should prefer the spring bass Sometimes you need to generate the report. And sometimes you need to send the notification to the individual and sometimes we need to populate the huge data from one environment to another environment. Normally, a typical batch process generally reads a large number of records from a database or from a pile or from a queue, and process the data. And right back in a modified form that would. be automated using the spring batch
* So let us consider one real time example. That is the bank example. In bank application, suppose A customer having the Deux amount on particular. one particular date, so the mail is automatically alert. Mail will automatically trigger to that person. There may be a chance on same date or same status, the pending due amount, multiple. customers. So at the same time, mail will be triggered to the lag of user. Similar way in bank applications. In every per day there, we need to generate the transaction report. Who about the pending user, or whoever the active user, or who's interest is like. add a unit to add the interest for that particular for those. It's like a lengthy calculation and the process. and the process should not be we can do it manually. So for that we should run a badge of and he will take care of the that calculation month end calculation and to send the notification and to generate the report using our. batch framework So now let's discuss the The pure important component who helps. who helps us to perform the bias job

## Components

* OK There will be these three components at the root component When is the item reader and another one is the processor, and another one is the item writer.

1. Item Reader
2. Processor
3. Item Writer

* Set the input file Either I am getting data from database or from file, or due to any script job. I am getting the data. So that is why this is the input. And I am getting, I am reading that data. I can read from database file. And whenever I will get the data, the input format, the item reader always helps us to read the data, to read from file. There will be a class file file. reader to write in file, something like flat file write. So to read from like database, if you are using hibernate, there will be a hibernate item writer, or gp item write, or Mongodb item writer. So for each implementation, they provided their class to read the data. Similar way, there is a process of suppose I want to do some validation after getting the data. So we should use the process of and then item writer after. read and process the data whenever you need to write, you want to generate the report, or you want to update or delete the data from some external system. So that will helps. Chasing the item writer
* And this item, red door processor and item writer. These three combinedly we need to give to the step. Step is nothing. It's just like a domain object who will helps May be, as we are performing here, 3 multiplies, like radar processor and writer, we should use tape. Along with that, we need to provide the chunk. With some limit size, with some initial size. So if suppose I am doing one single operation and like I am getting the data from my input file and I am deleting that. So we should not use the chunk with the step. We should use their teslate. Ok, so this is the step.
* So similarly Job behaves like a job bill factor means it will contains a specific name for a particular job where job taking input are just tape. This step you need to keep the input to our job to execute the bad job. Here you need to manually specify the job name, because there may be a chance we can run parallel multiple jobs. So which job you want to run? That we need to pass Ok so these are the component with which we can perform the batch operation. So let's. develop one useful example.
* So let. me explain the example which we are going to develop. Up Mongodb database already added some dummy data. Ok, this is the entities our person. The database is our person, and the entity also person. And this bank users is my collection here. I have few bank user and with mail id and the status pending closed pending and closed. Ok, here we will do one bad job with which we will generate the report And those amount is spending on the particular due date will send notification mail to them using this printed job. Ok Whichever like the male should contains the amount and name. So how will build the mail message? Also you can learn here. So here I had quoted my mail ID to check whether the mail is triggering or not. Those status is spending like the user first user and I have added my mail ID. Similarly for these 2 user also I added my mail ID So there will be three users whose status is pending. So for them only, mail will be triggered. But those status is closed for them. The mail will not trigger, So let us do this application. So let us start a development.
