# HTTP to HTTPS using SSL and SpringBoot

* Industry today we're going to see how to secure our HTTP protocol and how to encrypt the data which we are exposing over the http. OK, so let's get some basic idea about what these two protocol and how it differ each other. So normally stands for hypertape transfer protocol wherever HTTPS is hypertext transfer protocol CQ. So it means ect base is our secure protocol. So both are widely used whenever we are exchanging data from browser to server. So these two are the common protocol. So when we are sending data http protocol, it's not secure. Anyone can read our data whenever we are sending from web browser to web server. So to encrypt those data and to provide security, we should use https protocol and to secure it, we need to create the certificate for that. So now let us think how we can secure our protocol, how we can make http to https So to convert, to convert this. We need to use the cryptography protocol So cryptographic protocol is nothing. It's ssl or tls. So normally, ssl is secure circuit layer And TLS is transport layer. Security. So in this example, we are going to use ssl and through ssl. We are going to create the certificate. So in for that, we need to configure three things like key store and the type of key store. So this configuration, we need to require. and to achieve this, we should be used public key infrastructure, public key infrastructure is nothing as it will be accessed by multiple web browser. So we should use the public key here. So I will show you how to generate the key and how to provide the certificate for that. So let us get start the development and we will see the step here. So let me create a springboard application.
