# Consume Rest service using Spring 5 WebClient (Reactive programming)

* To work client concept is introduced in spring 5 as part of reactive programming. So the moral of reactive programming to achieve asynchronous and non blocking communication between provider and client. So if. you observe in our traditional approach, we are using rest template to communicate between client to Provider So by default, this raise template is not support for asynchronous and non blocking communication. So for that, we need to add some configuration. So those things enhanced and introduced in spring 5 are a separate api. That is the web client through which we can communicate between many service. In the reactive approach that is the nose. and I'm looking approach in a functional programming way. OK. And we can use this wave client if you are using the spring thigh version. So many companies not yet using this string file. Still there in Spring forest. Suvansh will do the code using reactive programming work client, and get more idea. I OK, so let me show some poc. So this is one simple crowd application which I developed. This assumes this book. My show is our providerConsume from the reactive wavelength using They just run crowd operation. Same fi will consume from the Different application using web client. There is a post method rule going to take the request budding and will persist in database. Then it will return some string message. Ok, one more gate mapping. We will fix list of records available in database and one more get who will get the record based on booking id And one more delete operation Another one is the put mapping which is for update operation. So we developed 5 ppa here same we'll develop one more application, and we'll consume it using web client
