# How to integrate JQuery Ajax POST/GET & Spring MVC

* We're going to have to call rest if I using our postman. So now we'll see how we can do it using UI component, OK. So let me create a project Let's name it like. Spring Ajax. Change the package here. Now let me add the required dependency. I am adding web. To work with UI in springboard. You need to add the thyme leaves. Undimiding dev tools and adding lumber. OK. Now let's import it. To add the bootstrap different Nancy also. OK so application imported successfully. Now let's add the bootstrap and jacket Your dependency. Let's add here. Cloudflare offers an. OK now let's create AD Tube. Please call. Did you? I'm creating a class called Book. Mukesh who? Let's name it. Decor some field and book ID. String book name. And something like. OK. Navji added Lambo. Let's provide it number. Congressions are Get a setup. GOOG argument constructor. Using two string. OK. Now let's write the controller. Battle to create a separate tickets. Controller. Create a class like Book controller. Ananded dishonest control of. OK here we will work from two operation one will be will save the book and will retract the book OK. So one will be the post another one I will get. Sufjan at the post's public string. Give some customs response. Let me create one more detail for custom response. Class Service Response. Iran declared in fulfilled private. Steam stutters. Another one is over. Data. So if let's make it generic so that we can pass any object. Invite the annotation. These are lumber provided annotation. OK. Let's create our. Let's return our customs response. Add book as the book object here. Ananded this one's postmating. Geeta URL like safe book. This should be arithmetic body as you are getting Jason. So here I didn't use any database. I'm taking on list and we'll save there and we'll return that list. Bookstore. New artist. OK now will add this book in our bookstore which is our custom list. Return on response something like. New response entity. OK in response entity you can specify the type is book. And here we are returning simply. The object. And those actors? OK. OK. So now let's write a method. List of SEV 2 OK public response entity. Amit object. Get all books. OK now create a. So this response. So here instead of return direct. Both object let's clear this service response. You need to set the status as well. So this response ends in a generic type Book. A response equal to no Sobiz response. Mumbai, the starters. Success. I forgot the data as our book. OK now let it be Object. Yeah, why this response instead of do? OK. Similarly write for. Get out books let me cook this, change the URL nothing. Get Roblox. It is the gate operation, so we known at request boarding. And this end one should be GET. Gearbox OK. And we'll get all the books from our list. So this should be. List of book. Who is the bookstore here? And we are returning this object. So now we write our REST endpoint. We want to display it in our UI. Using Ajax code. So for that you need to create a HTML page where there will be one form to send the book. There will one click button to get the all books OK. So let's create the HTML page so 1st. In initial request we should show one HTML page so that we can perform the operation. OK so for that you need to write a home control or something like that. There will return the HTML page giving like give controller. OK annotate here at the red controller, but we want to return the deep case not any raw data OK. So write a method. Public return simply one division name stream. Om return HTML page name. And provide the gate mapping. OK so when you go in will give the slash home from browser it will display the HTML page with name home. So create one HTML page. Inside template. OK as we are using here thyme leaf we need to specify the name space of thyme limp, XMLNS, TH. OK so let's create a form case instead of create you can copy any template. OK I am this is the booster so here I am copying so let me input first all the script. It's a word. Close all the tabs. We get the issue on time lift. OK. Now copy the phone. OK here we just need to add the field which available in our Book class. So what is the field? Bohrtiti, Bopanna and Avtar. One more dish. One will be book I'd like to. Good morning to his wife book. 3D type test. Enter the ID. Name is a book simulates a few Java book name. Is specify that. Type is text. IDC utter group name. This is the placeholder. Specify the name as well. So this one is our. Author it is a field exact scene like the variable name we need to pass. The Wolfram Authority. Typist text. It also same. Enter author. This name field should be same as your variable name. And here we are not. Using our thorn simply form **** will call it using Azure's OK. So when I will click this submit these three will be saved in my list through Ajax code. So this will be one post call. So there we need to specify the content type and the URL and whatever the field we are going to add OK. So I have copy of that request JavaScript so do that. Looks like this. Internet. Create a JS file called post with Ps.Js. postrequest.Js. OK here I will explain what I added. This is the name. Something like books on. And here you need to declare the field you have the field book ID book name and declare one by one book ID. Book ID. Similarly here also. Then we have book name. You need to provide that. And one more thing you have called author. As that as you. I don't know. This is the last film. And the type is post and the content type is application Jason. And this is our URL. So what we mentioned the URL. 7OK you need to provide that. On Saturday with Jason or Jason. This will be help to format in jaisalmer sending the request and if the status is success then we will train something here OK. Show Vatanfrein. Simply we just want to show like the book stored successfully. Because I'm giving you. Do you like book name for successful OK? This is for. Post data when we are safe then we will get the this response. So we need to capture this response in our HTML frame. So let me create a diff. $0.11. OK then it will print inside the D. And these firm there we should not keep the form action. We should provide the form ID same as our JavaScript. What that? The firm and then. Mission and the finally we need to input these POST requests dot jsim in our HTML file. OK so specified here script. Need to go back researching then I have to provide the file. Or JS filenameispostrequest.Js. mostrequest.Js OK. Now similarly let's provide a bottom here so that I'll click on that bottom will get the list of books OK. Not declare a button here. Go to IT something like. Get on. Prime Rockbooks. If you want you can add some CC style here. You will copy this music. Let's remove this. Add a new line here so that. It will be alive below the farm. OK something is great. Get on books. This is a booster of primary school. Sulekha Blue One Gate. All books. OK and whatever will get reason will display on that particular dip OK. Simulates similarly, write a one more JS file or great request JS. Need one more JS flying? Javascript. Something like GET? A. Feast drought A. So let me copy what we have to mention in GATE so that I will explain when I am not much aware on UI. Let's have a try. OK here you need to specify the ID what you mention in our. OK. Then the request I wish get this is the Ajax method call doget. Get this is the gate and you need to provide the URL. Here the same URL. In your controller you can mention. OK and it will get the result. It will be RA. If result status equal to subset. Then add that data. Best in the name of your book. Nodes wiggly book name and author only. Book name similarly switched by a year. Cortana. Move to. OK, OK. We'll just display these two fields. OK if you do clear then you can send loop between the region. If it is a success, if strategy is coming success then it will add on the deep where the ID is. This one already mentioned the same. Same ID we already specify here OK. So now add this script. In our HTML. Great request of this. Sanjay Dutt gave request JSPL. Now let's run our application. You can take application in Japan port 8080. Baby open new council. Mr Float understood what I was trying to say and gave me the exact appetite. Localhost 8080 slash home. OK its getting provides in boot ID I think we specify the. If it's. Something like. 26. Debut in Java and authorities. James inspected so that we can check whether it is working or not. Let's take a visibility in our post refused to this. Soon love you a great. This is not. So its taking the home with your end. Let's check in. Javascript film. Let's remove this one. I guess its appealing the home. OK similarly for guilt request also remove this one. Save this. Now let's register, stop it and restart our application. Application is up on port 8080. Who let's test create a new browser. Give it something like 366. In the name Jabra. Tune into James. Yeah, it's working. Java posts successfully. Java in the sense it's the book name. Add one more like 789. Book in XYZ. I'll tell you something. Vector XYZ post successfully. Congrats. So now test the get all books. Its coming Book 9 Java and author James bookname XYZ and author Peter. These two fields only were returning from our Getrequest .Js Javascript code OK. So let's add one more. We'll check. 1000 PQR. Name something. Author edit. OK take your post successfully. Now let's check its coming right. So we are good. So this is how we can do the Ajax call from the UI to our rest endpoint in spring good RG is here timely so in normal approach we can use the JSP OK. So that's it about this particular video. If anyone have any doubt or concern you can add a comment. Thanks for watching this video.