# spring mobile Device Resolver using Spring boot + Spring Mobile |Java Techie

* We are going to see what is string mobile and why we need it. Ok so basically spring mobile is a framework through which we can identify the device. which is making request to our application. Suppose I have a web application which is. accessing by a user and that can be a browser or mobile or tablet anything. So how I can detect that device and he is not exert all the information you can find the operating system and all using this spring mobile concept. So there is a features A device resolved for obstruction of server side detection of mobile and tablet devices. Normally we can do it using the ui component. That is the bootstrap. And but in case of server side, we can do it using the spring mobile. And one more is the site preference management. User can each switch to the any device using the side clipper engine. Suppose I want to take it the mobile version, then I can write site preference mobile. Then it will show the mobile resolution ui component, ui page Ok so these two are the main features. One is the device detection, and another one is the side preference. So these two will see, these 2 features will see with practical example. You can check. you can check in this official side. They mention there is a internally device resolver handler interceptor through which it will identify the device OK, so let's do an example, and we'll see practically how it is hearing and how it is identify the device in like mobile browser or tablet. We will consider these 3 and will do 1 example
