# Spring Boot With Swagger

* We have to know what is saga. Sagar is used to generate our documentation for all the rest endpoint which is available in our application. Because we may create lot of microservices. So it is not easy to remember all the endpoint url. So that is why this cyber attack is of to generate the api. So what is the purpose of Sagar The main proposal Sagar is the Quick UI integration. Quickly integration in the sense suppose as a modular resource are developed on service. So after that, I need to send the sender. send the mail to my your team with the request url and request voting and request response. Sorry, the return response. So based on that you need to map from there UIM. So if I will provide then the downstream which is the HTML ip, which is generated by the Sagar, then it may easy for them to integrate quickly. They. second one is the better productivity. Better productivity in the sense of one new resource join as part of the current project. So to understand the flow of our application, he can refer or he can refer this eager documentation through which he can identify the request url and the model which is going to persist, or which is transfer over the network based on this documentation. He can easily understand. So this is the thing all about Sagar. So let us try. Let us try to do an application and let us see how soccer generated the FPI for us. So not only Sagar. There are lot of uh apes there to generate a documentation for us. 1 is the like Jason. docs and Ramel like this. 23AP is there, but Sagar is hugely eased in industry. So let's try soccer first Restart the development of server part. Lawless steel, the application.
