# Spring Boot with Apache Camel Integration

* In this tutorial, we're going to see what is Apache camel and what is the use of it. So in short, apazic mill is one auto routing mechanism. So where exactly we need this apology came in normally. Normally in an enterprise, there is lot of application running. And some of them are legacy application, and some of them are new. Legacy in the sense may be this application design in old technology. So similarly, the interaction of those application is not easy, as the implementation of the application is different. So their message format may be different. Suppose one application is giving the xml response and And expecting Jason. So there we need to perform harselling on marcelling kind of things. So however, these are point to point integration. So assume that legacy application change is implemented. in the future So the new application developed with some latest technology, directly interact with him. Directly get impacted for the business change. So instead of directly, tightly purple the application each other We can use the additional layer to mediate the difference between the application. So with this kind of mechanism, we will achieve the loose coupling and not affect much our existing application. So this. is the main moral of apathy. Camel. Apache camel is a rule based routing and mediation engine that provides a Java object based implementation of the enterprise integration pattern. So not only apartheid camel, there are some more like Thadhatti is there to provided this enterprise into yourself pattern to make our application luge couple. 1 is the male and another one is the like spring integration. So today we'll discuss about the Apache camera. So let us discuss some decision about the Apache mill. What is that? And which kind of framework? So normally, Apache Camel is the lightweight framework. It can be deployed in any. content are like Tomcat and Jay Bose fuse and like web server. Show Apazic ML providos bunch of components. So with these components, we can interact with multiple endpoints. And we can interrupt with multiple external application. For example, assume I have a active mq component, and I am exposing some endpoint So with the help of http or ftp, any we can. consume the active mq provided endpoint. So similar way. Apogee camel images the multiple of message exchanging pattern. So it can be Jason, Xml or plane object. And camel provides many different type of converters for marshaling and unmarcelling as well to change the format of our object. So these are some basic idea about Apache camera. And the enterprise integration patterns. So if you want more, so I will post the official paper. We can go in depth So normally Will mark this Application in real time. We are doing like this, like from one application. We are just processing the data from either database or files or some active mq or rabbit nque. And due to by calling some extraterp protocol, we are getting the data. And again, we are sending this data to. Different application for process our business. And again, those data we are storing In some like in memory storage, like database or files same. So this is, this is only the two application integration. Similarly, we have, we can have many application to integrate and to process the data. So here I do not have the other end point to access to show you here. Here I will explain in the file IO stream operation, how we can do that using the Apache camel auto routing mechanism. So here in the application which we are going to develop there, we will see a couple of features, the basic features, like how to transfer the. records from one file to another file and how we will filter the file and how we will process the files and how we will process the multiple files from one directory to another directory. So let us do a small pog on that. Let us create 1 spring good application.
