# Spring With Active JDBC

* Alright In this video, we are going to see What is Active JDBC and have your using active JDBC. Not new technology to introduce in 2014 itself. But now we can popular show industry following this approach to work with any persistence Api So let's see what is Acive JDBC? light weight and it focus on simplifying interaction with Database do in the external error Typical persistence managers and focused on the Aegis of screen, rather than creating a new pairing number. So normally, using this active zdbc, it is some kind of object relational mapping. And here we no need to wonder about the query. And there is no new query language you need to eat here, simply by calling a method. It will perform the persistence logic for us. And additionally, it provides few features, like it's provided one, it's a own db spec class, so that it will make easy for us to write the unit test case. You don't need to depend on any mockuided pa to write the persistence, ok, for our dowel layer. Apart from that, some features like here. if you mark here, you intro the degree schema parameter from your database, so that we don't need to be acting entities. Suppose I am doing, I have one person entity, and I want to persist it in database. And I want to do some persistence logic. So in that case, in case of hibernate, we need to annotate lot of annotation, like entity table id and all. So similarly, in case of Zdvc, also we need to create the database. And in logic site, in server logic site, we need to create the connection, and we need to write the prepare statement, logic, and then we need to manually close the connection, like resource management is required in plan our hibernate and in a dbc. So here it is, by default, provided by active jdbc itself. This a pay itself propagated by Java light 1. 3rd party api and there no session management, no db component management, nothing we need to do here. And Even there is the more advantages suppose From II am taking one person and getting 453. Then we don't need to declare the attribute or variable, like ID name, last name, those things you want me to declare in our model class And as I already mentioned, it provided the db spec database. So it will make easy for us to write the unit test case So this is the features provided by the active judgment. And it make our work more easy. So let's see. So let's see how we can do a So how we can do a small application using this activity? So if you that, we need to add some dependency provided by general light. So let us do a small piece in this active database so that we will get the clear code idea how. it reduces the more boiler plate code and the more logic So now.
