# Spring Boot Testing | Writing JUnit Tests using JUnit and Mockito  | Java Techie

* Going to discuss about market of Raman, like how to write unit tests for my application using mockito. And in real time, how people are using it. Ok, so before move to market of first, let's understand why need unit test case. So 1st of all, we are writing test case to check whether my all functionalities working properly or not. So let us go through an example of my colleague wrote an api, and he did not taste it. And luckily, it went further deployment. So later on, we found some functionality is not working as expected, something like the screen alignment is not proper. Or else, when I click on the find or search button, it populating the list of data and the particular field is getting now. So like this, some isometric on if you are deploying your application without taste. So to avoid such kind of issue, we are writing test case And it is also easy for author developer who will go through my test case. He can easily identify the exact api need. These are the request field, and these are the response. So if. somewhere he found any issue, he can easily do the dip off Discuss about the market also, why we need mockito here and what are the advantages? So if you observe F3 application, every web application having three tire architecture, right? So one is the controller, another one is the service, and the repository. So when. I am writing test case using our traditional approach, without using mockito, suppose I write a test case for controller. So first it will hit the controller method, then it will goes to the service, and then it will goes to the repository. So To taste our application. We're hitting the dv. So multiple time hitting the dv is not a good practice. So to avoid such kind of issue, mock itoe came into the picture. So that mockito is doing here. So suppose I want to mop the service data or repository data. So whatever the request is come to the control wall, first it will forward to the service. And instead of forward it to the repository and repository goes to the db, it will mark the data here. And It will behave like a database and it will mop the data from here to service so that the request flow will not goes to the dp for our testing purpose. That's the motto of the market of the same undo in addition with our code. So let us go to the Eclipse. Already, I created a dummy application with crowdfeatures. Let me show you the controller.
