# Spring stored procedure

* In this video, we are going to see how to call stored procedure using spring data JPA. If anyone not aware on spring that as APA then you can refer my previous video. Now let's discuss why we should go for procedure call normally. Suppose we need to perform some database operation from Java application. Then we need to write query in our develop and then by executing this query we will get record from database. This is the standard approach we all are following it. But instead of writing query In server side, in our dual layer we can write it in DB side itself like a method and whenever we need that query we can involve that method. That is the call procedure. This phenomena is called the procedure call. So instead of **** the query syntax, select start from table or select filter condition from the table in our dial layer as a string query. We can write it in our database itself So with this we will get one advantages. Suppose I write one query. Suppose like select 1. field two from table. In future, I want to get two more feel like select field 1 field 2 field 3 and field 4 from the table. Then in that case, if I write the query in my service, in my server side, then I need to recharge the syntax in my application. If it is in database, so simply we need to. no need to change anything in our code directly. You can change it in database. So it will not impact in our service. So this is all about the concept of stored procedure. So now let us see how we can call a stored procedure from our application. So for that, let us say develop One small application.

* Meanwhile, let's create the procedure in our database. I have one schema that is ticket and having one table, ticket table with two objects So for this, I want to perform two operation one. I want to face list of the code from database. And 2nd one, I want to page List of record from database based on any filter condition, like based on category one to face the records. So for that, let's create the store procedure. I'm using here my school work bench. So in my school work bench, there will be in schema. You will find the store procedure Details. So here, right click, there will get option plate stored procedure. Ok. As I told procedure call is nothing like similarly, how we are calling a method in our Java application. Same way we can write the syntax. This is the new procedure. So here write any method like get tickets. Ok and write the query here itself. Select one ticket table. Ok so same syntax select start from ticket we're writing in our daily instead of write this query, we can invoke this, get tickets method. So the so that it will give the list of So let us create that Okay,
