# Spring Profile

* Ten purpose to use these profiles features to switching the environment and to restrict access in each environment. Suppose assume I used sugar to generate the race documentation and I don't want to enable this saga features in all our environment. I want to enable it in specific environment so that case we should go for the profile at the rate profile annotation and we can restrict it to particular environment. Similarly, suppose Azim I developed an application and that application moved to the qa, and qa people find some bug. But that bug is only showing in qa environment. But in day environment, it is working fine. So in that case, how we can identify the Root Causeway? For that case, we need to move like all the url to qa environment and all the database related stop to the qn element. Then we need to debug, and we need to find the root causeway. Same thing happened in prod environment. Means Similar way we need to point out all url to the proud and all related configuration to prod environment. So this looks bit complicated. So for that. so for that, if you are using profiles without changing any code, without changing the url syntax or any configuration, we can switching to environment. So for that, we should go for this profiles features. So Let's do a small application on this profile features. So The moral of this application, I am creating three database schema. 1 is local and another one is production and another one is dev. Ok, I created three database schema So based on my profile set in configuration, it will face the data from that corresponding schema. Suppose I said, Dev means the all the data should be faced from the dev schema user table. Similarly for local, it will face from the local. But same things happened in real time with different database, different environment. Here as I'm using Mysql, I just want, I just differentiate using the different different schema name. So let's do one small Let's create one spring application
