# Spring Boot - Using FreeMarker Template Engine | Java Techie

* Please tutorial we're going to see what is opposite free marker and Huawei in edit. So basically three marker is a three Java based template engine or we can say it is a Java library to generate text output like HTML web page or emails template or configuration. It will be generated based on the dynamic data. And this templates are written in the free market template language. The extension is ftl, which is simple, specialized language. It is not a full blown programming language like a php. So basically, this interview, this free marker concept, introduced to work with mbc software architecture, like normally in mbc, we have the model view controller. U means we can use jsp, or we can use html instead of. jsp, or html, we should go for the pre marker, where pre marker is plant text file with the html component. But it is a text file. It is pre compiled. So to work with premaker, we no need to depends on any tab like. Suppose we are working on the jsp. Then we need to use the ctag library, or we can, we need to create the custom tag if required, or else, if we are using the thyme leaf, then they are also, we need to specify the th. name space. S. If we are using free marker, it is completely one template engine where a developer only need to bother about what data need to present in the ui. Ok, so you can take here Only the data which you are returning from the controller with. that with dollar you can represent that. So here developer nonnet to bother about the presentation. Even though he is working on the presentation, only whose data you need to bind and in it to display. That is the mandatory task for the designer or developer. So now. let us do a small mvc example using spring boot to. observe have the three mercuries working So let us quickly do a small application. So now let us create a example Create a spring startup project.
