# Microservice - Centralize configuration using spring cloud consul

* I'm going to discuss about Hassika Council too. So basically, consulted two that provides component for resolving some of the most common challenge in Microsoft is architecture, where Hashikop is the product owner of this console tool, ok So you can say the biggest challenge can be how we can centralize our configuration so that we can ensure my all microservices pointing to that particular configuration. So that's. how help us out. Like some of the confidential data or confidential properties, we can configure in this console tool and that we can access from our microservices. So if I have N number of microservices, I wanted to hard code the properties confidential details in my application. We can make it global so that we can configure it in consult tool, and we can make access of it. So this is the official site of console tool, service configuration made easy feature with key values stored to easily configure service This console tool provide some storage where you can configure our confidential properties as a key value pair So if you observe in our traditional approach, runtime configuration management loses performance at scale where using the console tool, real time runtime configuration for distributed application. This is my console tool, where I can keep my confidential details The Microservices who want to access those details can directly talk to my tool. They can get access of it. They can access my all the properties which I configured in consult 2 So its advantages for us that springboard provides eg integration with console tool using screen cloud console. So to. work with this console, first we need to download it. So this is the official site where you can download. Click on download, then. choose your operating system Windows 64 bit. It will download the Jeep. Let it download fast. It downloaded successfully. Downloads go to the directory. Ecstatic Play next track here. After extract, we will get one executable file. Ok. So now go to your comment. Check your ip address ip kanchik Ok, so this is my ip address. So now we need to write one more common to booster my console server. So just type command where you installed your console. Okay, jomat. Are this common consul agent server boostra expect on then provide your ip address here. This is my ip address. Now click enter. 106 Ok, Get it's up now. Now lets create a spring boot ago to the eclipse pplication, and we will integrate with our consumption tool. So let's.

Download consul : <https://www.consul.io/downloads.html>

Commands:
Check IP : ipconfig

bootstrap consul : consul agent -server -bootstrap-expect=1 -data-dir=consul-data -ui -bind=YOUR_IP_ADDRESS

`consul agent -server -bootstrap-expect=1 -data-dir=consul-data -ui -bind=192.168.29.150`
